# Kombinle

Kombinle is an innovative mobile application designed to address these challenges by helping users digitize their wardrobes,
offering AIpowered style suggestions, and enabling them tocreate inspiration boards—all while making wardrobe management effortless.
Additionally, Kombinle acts as a social platform where users can share their outfits with friends, exchanging
ideas and getting feedback. 



## Prerequisites to run the application

Before running the project, make sure you have the following installed:

1. **Node.js**  
   Node.js is required to run React Native. You can install it by following these steps:
   
   - Go to the [Node.js website](https://nodejs.org/) and download the latest stable version.
   - Follow the installation prompts for your operating system.
   - After installation, verify it by running the following command in your terminal:
       ```
       node -v
       npm -v
       ```

2. **Expo CLI**  
   Expo CLI simplifies the setup and development process. Install it globally by running:
   ```
   npm install -g expo-cli
   ```
   
3. Android Studio (for Android development)
    Android Studio is required for running your Expo project on an Android emulator. Follow these steps:
    
      Download Android Studio from the Android Studio website.
      During installation, ensure that the Android SDK and Android Virtual Device (AVD) are selected.
      Once installed, open Android Studio, go to Configure > SDK Manager, and install the latest SDK tools.
      Create an emulator by going to AVD Manager or connect a physical device via USB.
   
Installation:
Follow these steps to set up and run the project:

Step 1: Clone the Repository
  Clone the project repository to your local machine:
    ```
    git clone https://github.com/fatihbasal/kombinleokay
    cd project-name
    ```
  If this doesn't work you can manually download the repo and continue to the following steps by using cd project-name or manually going to the project directory.
    
Step 2: Install Dependencies
  Install the required project dependencies using npm or yarn:
    ```
    npm install
    # or
    yarn install
    ```
Step 3: Set Up Your Environment

  
  Ensure that Android Studio is installed and properly configured.
  Set up your Android emulator or connect a physical Android device via USB.
  Make sure your ANDROID_HOME environment variable is set correctly, pointing to your Android SDK location.
  
Step 4: Running the Application

  Start the Expo development server:
  
    npx expo start
    
You can run the app on a connected device using the Expo Go app or in an emulator by scanning the QR code generated by Expo.


## Contact for help
  Feel free to reach us by using our E-mails:
  
    Ömer Bıçakçıoğlu : omrua900@gmail.com
    Muhammed Fatih Başal : fatih.basal@hotmail.com
    Mehmet Serhat Çelik : mehmetserhat86895@gmail.com
    Yiğit Koşum : yigitkosum@hotmail.com
    Muhammet Furkan Başıbüyük : furkan.basibuyuk18@gmail.com
   
    
